add set up guide for MacOS (#671)
eclipse/openvsx: doc/development.md

  - [https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/tutorials/wsl-containers](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/tutorials/wsl-containers)
  - [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=idW-an99TAM](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=idW-an99TAM)

> - Install Elasticsearch with Docker

Reviewer: praise: Nice catch!

  - sudo docker pull elasticsearch:7.9.3
  - sudo docker run -d -name elasticsearch -p 9200:9200 -p 9300:9300 -e “discovery.type=single-node” elasticsearch:7.9.3

### Setup locally on MacOS

> - Set up postgresql using homebrew

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set up PostgreSQL using Homebrew
```

  - brew install postgresql@12

>   - Use "postgres –V" to check if it is the correct version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Use `postgres –V` to check if it is the correct version
```

  - brew services start postgresql@12

>   - From the terminal, run the command "createdb postgres" (NOT inside psql)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - From the terminal, run the command `createdb postgres` (NOT inside `psql`)
```

>   - "psql –d postgres" to enter the database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `psql –d postgres` to enter the database
```

  - CREATE ROLE gitpod with LOGIN PASSWORD 'gitpod';

  - Using \d to display all tables and relations, now empty

> - Make sure using the correct java version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make sure the correct Java version is being used
```

>   -Download java 11 if not yet downloaded yet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Download Java 11 if you don't have it already
```

>   - Run the command "/usr/libexec/java_home –V" to see your matching java virtual machines

Reviewer: question: what does "matching virtual machines" here mean? Specifically, the "matching" part

```suggestion
  - Run the command "/usr/libexec/java_home –V" to see your matching Java virtual machines
```

>   - Pick java 11 accordingly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Pick Java 11 accordingly
```

  - export JAVA_HOME='/usr/libexec/java_home –v 11.0.18'

>   - Run "java –version" to check if it's now running java 11

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Run "java –version" to check if Java 11 is indeed being used
```

  - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/21964709/how-to-set-or-change-the-default-java-jdk-version-on-macos

> - Set up elasticsearch using docker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set up Elasticsearch using Docker
```

> - Download docker desktop from https://www.docker.com/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Download Docker Desktop from https://www.docker.com/
```

> - Download the elasticsearch image from docker hub and enable it in the docker desktop

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Download the Elasticsearch image from Docker Hub and enable it in the Docker Desktop
```
